# Specifications
Show the specifications for the project.
They were mostly generated by AI

# Documentation
It may be a bit boring and old-fashoned and not agile, but we start by letting AI generate technical documentation. 
These documents help us make small steps using AI but also allows us to control the approach the AI is taking.
We are documenting the REST api between the client and the server, the database and the UI.
The documents are intentionally short, so we can provide concise context to AI for every step.

# Server

# Client
Normally start by choosing a framework, to be as developer friendly as possible.
Frameworks come with a burdon of a compilation step and making pages slower to load, which we need to compensate again by using techniques like server side rendering and single-page applications.
AI is not a developer and adding frameworks will not make its job any easier. Explaining to it what framework we use and what techniques we apply will cause it to make more errors.

# Make modifications
Add Priority

# Conclusions
Perfectly possible to use AI to create a web application.
When applications get more complex? As long as you keep splitting up everything into small parts get very far. AI will also get better in time.
What frameworks and technologies will work? Just try to find this out by yourself. Use this github repo as a starting point.
Manual changes to the code will be lost when the page is recreated using AI. So never forget to update the documentation.

# Future plans
- Add tests?
- Add authentication?
