# AI Generated issue management system
Will AI replace software developers? Can AI already create a complete web application?
This is an experiment to see if AI can write a complete web application for us.

Unless you have checked out one of the branches, you are looking at a repository
without any code in it. There is only a README.md file and a `specifications` folder. The specifications folder contains the specifications for a non-trivial, but not overly complex web application, an issue management system. It describes usecases and detailed specifications of every page. Please note that the specifications were generated using AI and are far from perfect.

Normally a programmer would write the code and GitHub copilot helps out. In this experiment we will use GitHub copilot chat to write the code we tell it to, essentially making this copilot an autopilot 🤯.

## Phase 1: Technical documentation
Trying to create big pieces of a web application in one prompt will not work. So in this experiment we break down the application into small files, 
where each file is generated by a prompt which contains a handful of other files. The first step may sound boring: technical documentation. This experiment uses mongodb, so let's start by describing the mongodb documents.
A formal mongodb json schema is an option, but if we want devops engineers to be able to query the database, documentation in a natural language would be preferable. Natural language also works very well for AI, so let's do that.

### Comment document structure
Let's start with the describing the mongodb document used for comments.
We proceed as follows: We start a new chat window with copilot chat and copy-paste the contents of all specification documents that are relevant. In this case we add the contents of `specifications/readme.md` and `specifications/pages/issue-details.md`. After this we add the following prompt:
```markdown
Create a concise markdown document that describes our how comment documents in mongodb are structured.
```
And voila, copilot chat creates a nice document for us that we can store under `docs/database/comment.md`, so we can use it for our next prompts.
```markdown

```

This is the part of the specifications that describes the data model and the API. 
We will create a prompt for every table in the data model and a prompt for every API endpoint. We will then use GitHub copilot to generate the code for the data model and the API.
 using a single prompt It may sound boring, 